dude Lexington mine mine up the up yeah
that's first time to theaters and DVD
updates oh I love VSS and and let's get
started
Plus up it's white boy and fare from our
space it's fun spine back inclusive well
peel away by music music video and the
ticks and when we have very cares for
toys save Christmas this is a layer copy
of eases is fun yeah number spine
and the top oops dates then you have are
you my maple it's fun
fine back another spine and not top and
nothing is s tape and the point date
really have Dave in his giant pick up
this is a long but one home video and
wasn't a MIT copy is mine and I was the
Inquisition I all right boy and I was
fine and
and when you have winds pop like yep
is aware Tuffy is s copy is one spine
back another spine and a top and you
have these escape and no pigeons sorry
then we have white boy and I'm gonna be
e it's fun spine and back and top and
not another spine site and we have ESS
tape and the point dates when you have
with God we aren't scared it's my
favorite of the details episodes it's
fun
not bad this is a goodwill it loves
buying in the cup
here's a piece that's taped with stick a
liver oh my god
and opens sorry way boy and the fear box
is enough spine and the top and it says
tape
and the printing and a half back Shaq
and Penny it is a fun time back on a
spine and the copy and he is this take
and no printed and then you have tossed
in a big wall piece of one fine enough
spine and the top and if he says to pick
things and less and jelly not least stop
Christmas it's one spine in the back
Hegel and visa stake and that Pickton's
and thank you for watching my fatty
updates hope you enjoy it and see you
next time
IOC because